## Updated tasks and tests

> [Tasks and tests from the ebook "Python for Network Engineers"](https://pyneng.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

Changes in tests and tasks:

* All tests have been changed so that to the left of == assert is the correct version of the output, and to the right is the output from the task.
  Thus, pytest-clarity shows in green the correct option, in red what is received from the task
* Updated pyneng utility and pytest.ini config files - removed pytest option due to pytest-clarity update
* updated tasks, most of them small changes, clarification of the wording
* removed task: 15.2a
* Updated pyneng_common_functions.py file in exercises directory


If you are already solving tasks, you can clone the tasks repository locally and then manually
copy the updated dirs to yourself. The second option is to create a new repository as described below
and copy the solved tasks to the new repository.

In any case, it is better to use the new version, as it fixes bugs/inaccuracies and improves tests.

> Don't forget to copy the pyneng_common_functions.py file in the exercises directory.

After updating the tasks, tests and the pyneng_common_functions.py file, you can update the pytest-clarity module:

```
pip install -U pytest-clarity
```

### Updated utility for checking tasks - pyneng

The dependency of the pyneng utility - pytest-clarity has been updated. Diff of tasks looks better,
but one option is missing, which was written in the utility and in the pytest config files.

Because of this, the pytest.ini file in each task directory has been removed/fixed in each task dir.
And the pyneng utility has been updated accordingly.

### Release

And for those who subscribe to the task repository on github, I will now make [releases so that you receive a notification](https://github.com/natenka/pyneng-examples-exercises-en/releases/tag/2021.07).

### Repo template

[How to create your own repository from template](https://github.com/natenka/pyneng-examples-exercises-en#creating-a-repository-on-github)
